c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\Dock.exe
C:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\Dock.deps.json
C:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\Dock.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\Dock.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\Dock.pdb
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Base.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Controls.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.DesignerSupport.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Dialogs.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Markup.Xaml.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Markup.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Metal.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.MicroCom.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.OpenGL.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Vulkan.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Controls.ColorPicker.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Controls.DataGrid.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Desktop.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Diagnostics.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Fonts.Inter.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.FreeDesktop.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Native.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Remote.Protocol.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Skia.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Themes.Fluent.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Themes.Simple.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Win32.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.X11.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\CommunityToolkit.Mvvm.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\HarfBuzzSharp.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\MicroCom.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\SkiaSharp.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.IO.Pipelines.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\Tmds.DBus.Protocol.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\av_libglesv2.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\av_libglesv2.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\av_libglesv2.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libAvaloniaNative.dylib
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-arm\native\libHarfBuzzSharp.so
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-arm64\native\libHarfBuzzSharp.so
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-musl-x64\native\libHarfBuzzSharp.so
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libHarfBuzzSharp.so
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libHarfBuzzSharp.dylib
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\libHarfBuzzSharp.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\libHarfBuzzSharp.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\libHarfBuzzSharp.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-arm\native\libSkiaSharp.so
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-arm64\native\libSkiaSharp.so
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-musl-x64\native\libSkiaSharp.so
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libSkiaSharp.so
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libSkiaSharp.dylib
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\libSkiaSharp.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\libSkiaSharp.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\libSkiaSharp.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\obj\Debug\net8.0\Dock.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\obj\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia\Resources.Inputs.cache
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\obj\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia\resources
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\obj\Debug\net8.0\Dock.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\obj\Debug\net8.0\Dock.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\obj\Debug\net8.0\Dock.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\obj\Debug\net8.0\Dock.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\obj\Debug\net8.0\Dock.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\obj\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia\Dock.dll
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\obj\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia\Dock.pdb
c:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Avalonia\Dock.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\obj\Debug\net8.0\Dock.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\obj\Debug\net8.0\Dock.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\Gabriel\OneDrive\Área de Trabalho\Ferramentas\Dock\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Dock.dll
